scare hey don't be this is the first
time your names been entered in the
lottery yeah together and begin petunia
Havisham
oh I didn't get picked
no more games for me Oh if you cow down
on the Hunger Games now let's get the
boys to join you in the game then get
ready to suck on this Hugh James is
there a huge yeah from the guys who
brought you meet the Spartans and
Vampires Suck can't miss is the best
fake sister in the world
okay this when you wear this nothing bad
can happen to you welcome to the 75th
annual starving games so is there a
special someone in your life yeah there
is it's Marco I'm a stick up on your ass
oh that has got to hurt four three two
oh my god I know yes you are going to
die
what does every successful show need to
bring it to the next level a lot alleged
or love story who doesn't like to see
two chicks get it on don't go who are
you will make love
Navi style okay but just the tip feel
it's even better in 3d so just kill them
you PK hey what are you doing here
practically show up at the end of every
movie avenges awesome
we don't know about those the starving
games